fix: optimization for multiple schemas and shards (#1)
mycodedstuff/db-migration: README.md

The option `ignoreIndexName` can be set if you don't want to validate index names
> Note: This feature only works with the fork of [beam](https://github.com/mycodedstuff/beam)

##### 5. Send Database Difference List Options

> Option `listDifference` if set to `True` allows to send the list of differences in haskell code and database. Beware this will cause higher memory utilization if number of shards is large

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Option `listDifference` if set to `True` allows to send the return the differences in Haskell and database as DDL queries. Beware this will cause higher memory utilization for higher number of schemas.
```

Reviewer: The issue with memory is it solely dependent on number of schemas? or number of entities?

Author: both

Author: both

> If this is `False` library will discard the list and send only `DB_NOT_IN_SYNC` message .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is `False` library will discard the list and send only `DB_NOT_IN_SYNC` or `DB_IN_SYNC` message for each schema accordingly.
```
